Being from Ohio, and irked by the fact that North Carolina gets to claim the title of "first in flight" when both of the original
aviators were born in Ohio, I wanted to hold onto our credibility as the birthplace of aviation by examining what appears to be a
strangely high proportion of US astronauts being born in Ohio. Ohioans make up about 7.5% of all US astronauts, including
the particularly famous John Glenn (first American in space) and Neil Armstrong (first individual on moon), which seems like quite
a few, since Ohio only makes up about 3.6% of the US population as of 2022.

While I was tempted to go around claiming this as evidence of Ohio's ability to forge brilliant scientists and adventurers, I recognized
that this effect size was small enough that it could very well be a coincidence, especially given the low number of US astronauts. With
this in mind, I performed statistical testing to see if chance could appropriately account for the difference in how many astronauts
we'd expect to see given Ohio's population and how many we actually see.

I first acquired data documenting live births in the United States as a whole from the CDC's website, and got a rough estimate for the
amount of live births that happened in Ohio in particular based on certificates on Ancestry.com. Cross referencing this with other sources
typically showed a difference of no more than about half a percent, leading me to believe that this method was accurate enough for my
purposes. I then made a count of the amount of astronauts born in each year from 1921-1978 based on a dataset made by The Guardian, and
hand-coded how many astronauts from Ohio were born in each year.

I assumed that the amount of astronauts from Ohio born in a year was binomially distributed given the total amount of astronauts born that
year, in order to control for time-based factors like government funding and public interest in space travel, and the proportion of live
births in Ohio vs. the entire US. The expected amount of astronauts from Ohio each year was thus the expected value of the binomial 
distribution for that year, the product of the amount of astronauts born that year and the proportion of people born in Ohio. After
calculating the expected amount of astronauts, the statistic of interest became the mean difference between the amount of astronauts born
in Ohio and the expected amount; the observed difference was 0.1011, which didn't seem too extreme. I then generated a million replicates 
to create a null distribution under these assumptions, where each replicate was a collection of binomial trials for each of the years in
question, with parameters matching the year. The visualization of the observed stat vs. the distribution of stats seen in the null
distribution is shown in the null_dist.jpg graphic. Astute observers of this graphic will note that it is not that extreme at all! In the
null distribution, about 11.4% of null statistics were greater than or equal to the observed statistic (p = 0.114439). This was crushing,
but it's important to publish even the results you're bummed about!